## BlogIQ - Content Generation using AI

### 🚀 Introduction:

BlogIQ stands as a beacon of innovation in the realm of content creation, providing bloggers with an advanced platform powered by state-of-the-art technology, including Langchain, Langgraph, and OpenAI GPT-4 models. 🌟 Seamlessly integrated with dataforseo.com API, BlogIQ offers a comprehensive suite of features tailored to streamline and optimize the blogging process.

🔍 Step 1: Topic and Keyword Selection:

At its core, BlogIQ simplifies content creation by allowing users to specify their desired topic and primary keyword. Leveraging data from the dataforseo.com API, the app conducts an extensive Google search to curate a selection of relevant URLs. Users retain complete control, with the option to manually select additional URLs or meta keywords, or opt for automated meta keyword generation using OpenAI LLM to ensure adherence to SEO best practices. 📊💡

🛠️ Step 2: Title and Structure Generation:

Powered by Langchain, Langgraph, and OpenAI GPT-4 models, BlogIQ facilitates title and structure generation with unprecedented accuracy. Users are presented with a range of options tailored to their preferences, with the added flexibility of providing input to direct the GPT-4 models during this process, ensuring that the generated content seamlessly aligns with their vision and objectives. 💭✨

📝 Step 3: Content Generation:

Expanding upon the chosen structure, BlogIQ dynamically generates content enriched with insights gleaned from the selected URLs and meta keywords. Users can further guide the content generation process by providing prompts to the GPT-4 models, fostering personalized and engaging content creation experiences. 📝✨

💬 Step 4: FAQ Generation:

In the final stage, BlogIQ completes the content creation journey by generating FAQs for the blog. By analyzing the generated content and identifying potential questions, the app automatically generates a set of FAQs, enriching the blog post with valuable additional information and enhancing its engagement potential. 🤔💬

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before running the app, make sure you have the following dependencies installed:

- Python 3.x
- pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/langschain/BlogIQ.git
    ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

    ```bash
    cd BlogIQ
    ```

3. Install the required packages:

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### Configuration

1. Create a `.env` file in the project root directory.

2. Add the following environment variables to the `.env` file:

    ```
    LANGCHAIN_TRACING_V2=your_langchain_tracing_v2_key
    LANGCHAIN_PROJECT=your_langchain_project_key
    OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
    LANGCHAIN_API_KEY=your_langchain_api_key
    TAVILY_API_KEY=your_tavily_api_key
    DATA_FOR_SEO_TOKEN=your_data_for_seo_api_key
    ```

    Replace `your_langchain_tracing_v2_key`, `your_langchain_project_key`, `your_openai_api_key`, `your_langchain_api_key`, `your_tavily_api_key`, and `your_data_for_seo_api_key` with your actual API keys.

## Usage

1. Run the Streamlit app:

    ```bash
    streamlit run app.py
    ```

2. Access the app in your web browser at [http://localhost:8501](http://localhost:8501).

## Additional Information

📚 Explore Technical Blogs Generated by BlogIQ on Langchain Blogs:

Welcome to the collection of technical blogs generated by BlogIQ on Langchain Blogs, your go-to platform for streamlined content creation powered by advanced AI technology. 🚀

Where to Find the Technical Blogs:

Curious to see the technical content generated by BlogIQ in action? You can explore all the technical blogs created using our innovative tool on [Langchain Blogs](https://www.langchain.ca/blog/). From in-depth articles on software development and data science to tutorials on machine learning and programming languages, there's something for every tech enthusiast.

Why Explore:

Whether you're a software developer seeking new insights, a data scientist exploring cutting-edge technologies, or a tech enthusiast looking to expand your knowledge, Langchain Blogs is the perfect destination. Each blog post is crafted using BlogIQ's intuitive interface, which harnesses the power of Langchain, Langgraph, and OpenAI GPT-5 models.

Start Exploring:

Visit Langchain Blogs today and unlock your creativity! Get ready to dive deep into the world of technology with engaging content that captivates and educates. Happy exploring! 📖✨

[Explore Technical Blogs Generated by BlogIQ on Langchain Blogs](https://www.langchain.ca/blog/)

## Contributing

If you'd like to contribute to this project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## Acknowledgments

- Special thanks to Langchain and OpenAI for providing powerful tools for natural language processing.
- The app structure and components are based on the Streamlit framework.

